mon/AuthMonitor: make auth rotate safe when connection drop (#68854)
ceph/ceph: doc/rados/operations/user-management.rst

This avoids the need to delete and recreate the entity when its key is
compromised, lost, or scheduled for rotation.

> The rotation is not immediate. ``auth rotate`` generates a new key and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rotation is half complete; both the old key and new key are accepted for authentication. ``auth rotate`` generates a new key and
```
